I fooled all you idiots
Hey, not bad.
Xiao Chan's nonsense
If it is really Wu Weijun
Don't say 1 billion
Ten billion, 100 billion is not enough.
Yeah, if he really respects his status
One sentence can make the Liu family fly to the sky
Why do all this?
Don't worry, Mr. Lin.
Our Liu family goes up and down
I support you to go to Liuqing District
Just this girl
He doesn't know good or bad
Leave the glory and wealth alone
You have to hold Xiao Chen's trash heel
You guys are pretty smart
Ouch.
I can recruit a long dragon like you, Master Lin.
That is the blessing that our Liu family has cultivated in eight lifetimes
It's Mr. Lin
We fully support you.
one sentence.
I'm going to tie Liu Jingxue to your bed now
I want to take, I want you to pick
When I leave the house, my Lin family is a first-class wealthy family in Yuncheng
I, Lin Shaoyang, am the son that Yuncheng can count
Ba Shao
How could I do something so uninteresting?
Liu Ming, I will conquer little by little.
Hey, hey, hey, as expected of the upper class
What a gentleman
In fact, this Liu Qingxue refuses you.
Most of them are fooled by the waste of depression
Even Huo Shaofu and the Dragon King were deceived
This yellow-haired girl, do you think he can not be deceived?
Because of this
I didn't really take action against your Liu family
Otherwise, how can you Liuxia resist?
Yes, yes, yes, I will personally take the noodles in front of Yanagimura
Prove to him the power of my Lin Shaoyang
Let him take a closer look
The gap between me and Xiao Chen, that trash
That's Teana Yunni
Any rhythm brother
Promise to let that Liu Qingxue
Before I can't escape your door